Middle School Performing Arts Teacher. Company Description Uncommon Schools is a nonprofit network of high-performing, public charter schools providing an outstanding K-12 education in historically under-resourced communities. We have proudly built schools that reflect our student population, with more than 60% of our teachers and staff across our network identifying as a person of color. Uncommon currently manages 53 schools serving more than 20,000 students in five cities: Boston, Camden, New York City, Newark, and Rochester. We are proud that Uncommon graduates persist in and graduate from college at five times the rate of their peers nationally. We achieve this by offering strong academic, co-curricular, and social-emotional learning that prepares students for success in college and beyond. North Star Academy currently manages fourteen schools in Newark, NJ serving students in grades K through 12. We believe in strong authentic relationships between teachers and students, supported by effective school systems and an engaging instructional model that enables students to flourish academically and personally. North Star Academy is NJ's #1 highest performing public charter school and has served Newark families for over 20 years. Job Description Performing arts teachers at Uncommon Schools train communication skill through musical theatre. They hold responsibility for the implementation of Uncommon Schools’ performing arts curriculum and the success of its students. This performance-based program, which teaches during the school day, ensures that students perform multiple times annually. Our Performing Arts Mission Statement: Uncommon NSA-CP Performing Arts team is an inclusive collective of anti-racist artist activists, dedicated to closing the opportunity gap by training confident communicators through theatre, music, and dance. By building a comprehensive communication toolkit, scholars will be able to express their authentic voices with confidence, seize opportunity, choose their own path and become a